Improve docs for joins in CAggs (#2342)
timescale/docs: use-timescale/continuous-aggregates/about-continuous-aggregates.md

## Continuous aggregates with a `JOIN` clause

In TimescaleDB 2.10.0 and later, continuous aggregates support JOINS, as long as they meet

> the following conditions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
these conditions:
```

> Joins must be between one hypertable and one standard PostgreSQL table. The order of tables

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Joins must be between one hypertable and one standard PostgreSQL table. The order of tables
```

in the JOIN clause does not matter.

> Only changes to the hypertable are tracked, and are updated in the continuous aggregate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Only changes to the hypertable are tracked, and are updated in the continuous aggregate
```

when it is refreshed. Changes to the standard PostgreSQL table are not tracked.

> You must use an INNER JOIN, no other join type is supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You must use an `INNER JOIN`, no other join type is supported.
```

> The JOIN conditions must be equality conditions. And there can only be ONE JOIN condition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `JOIN` conditions must be equality conditions, and there can only be one `JOIN` condition.
```

> Further conditions may be added in the WHERE clause as long as the JOIN condition is given

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Further conditions can be added in the `WHERE` clause, as long as the `JOIN` condition is given
```

> in an ON/USING clause.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in an `ON/USING` clause.
```

> We recommend using the ON or USING clauses to specify the JOIN condition because, if

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should use an `ON` or `USING` clause to specify the `JOIN` condition because, if
```

> JOIN conditions are specified in the WHERE clause, no further conditions are allowed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`JOIN` conditions are specified in the `WHERE` clause, no further conditions are allowed.
```

The USING clause is only supported for PostgreSQL 13 and later.

> Joins on the materialized hypertable of a continuous aggregate are not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Joins on the materialized hypertable of a continuous aggregate are not supported.
```

> Hierarchical continuous aggregates can be created on top of a continuous aggregate with a JOIN

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hierarchical continuous aggregates can be created on top of a continuous aggregate with a `JOIN`
```

> clause, but cannot have JOIN clauses themselves.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
clause, but cannot themselves have a `JOIN` clause.
```

The following are examples of joins that will work with continuous aggregates. For these

> to work, either table_1 or table_2 must be a hypertable. It does not matter which is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to work, either `table_1` or `table_2` must be a hypertable. It does not matter which is
```

the hypertable and which is a standard PostgreSQL table.

> INNER JOIN on a single equality condition, using the ON clause

Reviewer: ```suggestion
INNER JOIN on a single equality condition, using the ON clause:
```

```sql
CREATE MATERIALIZED VIEW my_view WITH (timescaledb.continuous) AS
SELECT ...
FROM table_1 t1
JOIN table_2 t2 ON t1.t2_id = t2.id
GROUP BY ...
```
INNER JOIN on a single equality condition, using the ON clause, with a further

> condition added in the WHERE clause

Reviewer: ```suggestion
condition added in the WHERE clause:
```

> `INNER JOIN` on a single equality condition, using the `ON` clause, with a further

Reviewer: ```suggestion

`INNER JOIN` on a single equality condition, using the `ON` clause, with a further
```

```sql
CREATE MATERIALIZED VIEW my_view WITH (timescaledb.continuous) AS
SELECT ...
FROM table_1 t1
JOIN table_2 t2 ON t1.t2_id = t2.id
WHERE t1.id IN (1, 2, 3, 4)
GROUP BY ...
```

> INNER JOIN on a single equality condition specified in WHERE clause, this is allowed but not recommended

Reviewer: ```suggestion
INNER JOIN on a single equality condition specified in WHERE clause, this is allowed but not recommended:
```

> `INNER JOIN` on a single equality condition specified in `WHERE` clause, this is allowed but not recommended:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

`INNER JOIN` on a single equality condition specified in `WHERE` clause, this is allowed but not recommended:
```

```sql
CREATE MATERIALIZED VIEW my_view WITH (timescaledb.continuous) AS
SELECT ...
FROM table_1 t1, table_2 t2
WHERE t1.t2_id = t2.id
GROUP BY ...
```

> The following are examples of joins that will not work with continuous aggregates:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are examples of `JOIN` conditions won't work with continuous aggregates:
```

> An INNER JOIN on multiple equality conditions is not allowed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An `INNER JOIN` on multiple equality conditions is not allowed:
```

```sql
CREATE MATERIALIZED VIEW my_view WITH (timescaledb.continuous) AS
SELECT ...
FROM table_1 t1
JOIN table_2 t2 ON t1.t2_id = t2.id AND t1.t2_id_2 = t2.id
GROUP BY ...
```

> A JOIN with a single equality condition specified in WHERE clause cannot be combined with further conditions in the WHERE clause.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `JOIN` with a single equality condition specified in the `WHERE` clause can't be combined with further conditions in the `WHERE` clause.
```

    clause does not matter.
*   You must use an `INNER JOIN`, no other join type is supported.
*   The `JOIN` conditions can only be equality conditions.

> *   The hypertable on the `JOIN` condition can be a hypertable, and not a continuous
>     aggregate. Additionally, you can't use joins in hierarchical continuous aggregates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   The table on the `JOIN` condition can be a hypertable, it does not have to be a continuous
     aggregate. However, you can't use joins in hierarchical continuous aggregates.
```

Reviewer 2: It cannot be a continuous aggregate, but all of this wording is confusing.

*   Changes to the hypertable are tracked, and are updated in the continuous aggregate
     when it is refreshed. Changes to the standard PostgreSQL table are not tracked.
*   The `USING` clause is supported in joins for PostgreSQL&nbsp;13 or later. In
    PostgreSQL&nbsp;12 only joins with a condition in the `WHERE` clause or
    `JOIN` clause can be used.

> *   Conditions other than JOIN condition can be added to the query when using
>     ON/USING clause to specify the join conditions and other conditions can be added to
>     the WHERE clause. There is no restrictions on the number of conditions in this
>     WHERE clause but only ONE condition can be given in ON/USING clause which has to be
>     EQUALITY condition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   You can add conditions other than `JOIN` conditions to the query when you
     use an `ON/USING` clause. This allows you to specify the `JOIN` conditions, 
     and then you can add other conditions to the `WHERE` clause. There are no 
     restrictions on the number of conditions in the `WHERE` clause, but you can 
     only add a single `EQUALITY` condition in the `ON/USING` clause.
```

>     Note that, if ON/USING clause is not used and all the conditions
>     including the JOIN condition are given in WHERE clause then query will err.
>     Also, if ON/USING clause is not used then only ONE condition which will be considered as
>     JOIN condition can be given in WHERE clause.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    
    <Highlight type="note">
    You must use an `ON/USING` clause to provide multiple conditions. You 
    can't provide all the conditions, including the `JOIN` condition, in the 
    `WHERE` clause, without an `ON/USING` clause.  If you do not use the 
    `ON/USING` clause, you can only provide a single condition in the `WHERE` 
    clause.
    </Highlight>

```

>     Concretely, with refrence to JOIN conditions queries that will work are,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Some example `JOIN` conditions queries:
```

    CREATE MATERIALIZED VIEW my_view WITH (timescaledb.continuous) AS
    SELECT ...
    FROM table_1 t1
    JOIN table_2 t2 ON t1.t2_id = t2.id

    CREATE MATERIALIZED VIEW my_view WITH (timescaledb.continuous) AS
    SELECT ...
    FROM table_1 t1
    JOIN table_2 t2 ON t1.t2_id = t2.id
    WHERE t1.id IN (1, 2, 3, 4)

    CREATE MATERIALIZED VIEW my_view WITH (timescaledb.continuous) AS
    SELECT ...
    FROM table_1 t1, table_2 t2
    WHERE t1.t2_id = t2.id

    The variations that will NOT work are,
    CREATE MATERIALIZED VIEW my_view WITH (timescaledb.continuous) AS
    SELECT ...
    FROM table_1 t1
    JOIN table_2 t2 ON t1.t2_id = t2.id AND t1.t2_id_2 = t2.id

    CREATE MATERIALIZED VIEW my_view WITH (timescaledb.continuous) AS
    SELECT ...
    FROM table_1 t1, table_2 t2
    WHERE t1.t2_id = t2.id

>     AND t1.id IN (1, 2, 3, 4)

Reviewer: If I try to do this in the GH web UI, it'll break everything, but these need to be in individual code blocks, with three backticks, and `sql` declared as the language.
